README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

To run the project, run `npm install` and then `npm run dev`, then go to `http://localhost:5173/`.

`npm run dev` takes a while to start for some reason and opening the page takes a while, so we need to figure that out


This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type-aware lint rules:

```js
export default tseslint.config({
  extends: [
    // Remove ...tseslint.configs.recommended and replace with this
    ...tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked,
    // Alternatively, use this for stricter rules
    ...tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked,
    // Optionally, add this for stylistic rules
    ...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked,
  ],
  languageOptions: {
    // other options...
    parserOptions: {
      project: ['./tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
      tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
    },
  },
})
```

You can also install [eslint-plugin-react-x](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) and [eslint-plugin-react-dom](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) for React-specific lint rules:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import reactX from 'eslint-plugin-react-x'
import reactDom from 'eslint-plugin-react-dom'

export default tseslint.config({
  plugins: {
    // Add the react-x and react-dom plugins
    'react-x': reactX,
    'react-dom': reactDom,
  },
  rules: {
    // other rules...
    // Enable its recommended typescript rules
    ...reactX.configs['recommended-typescript'].rules,
    ...reactDom.configs.recommended.rules,
  },
})
```

Commit message:

Can now fetch teams from the API

README.md, after:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

To run the project, run `npm install` and then `npm run dev`, then go to `http://localhost:5173/`.

`npm run dev` takes a while to start for some reason and opening the page takes a while, so we need to figure that out


MAterialUI being used for styling: https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/
`npm install @mui/material @emotion/react @emotion/styled`

Current API Being used to Load Teams: https://gist.github.com/bhaidar/b2fdd34004250932a4a354a2cc15ddd4

-Two things we need to remember the entire time is that the webapp must be a single page type of thing with no vertical or horizontal scrolling and that the webapp must be responsive to different screen sizes like project 1.






Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type-aware lint rules:

```js
export default tseslint.config({
  extends: [
    // Remove ...tseslint.configs.recommended and replace with this
    ...tseslint.configs.recommendedTypeChecked,
    // Alternatively, use this for stricter rules
    ...tseslint.configs.strictTypeChecked,
    // Optionally, add this for stylistic rules
    ...tseslint.configs.stylisticTypeChecked,
  ],
  languageOptions: {
    // other options...
    parserOptions: {
      project: ['./tsconfig.node.json', './tsconfig.app.json'],
      tsconfigRootDir: import.meta.dirname,
    },
  },
})
```

You can also install [eslint-plugin-react-x](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-x) and [eslint-plugin-react-dom](https://github.com/Rel1cx/eslint-react/tree/main/packages/plugins/eslint-plugin-react-dom) for React-specific lint rules:

```js
// eslint.config.js
import reactX from 'eslint-plugin-react-x'
import reactDom from 'eslint-plugin-react-dom'

export default tseslint.config({
  plugins: {
    // Add the react-x and react-dom plugins
    'react-x': reactX,
    'react-dom': reactDom,
  },
  rules: {
    // other rules...
    // Enable its recommended typescript rules
    ...reactX.configs['recommended-typescript'].rules,
    ...reactDom.configs.recommended.rules,
  },
})
```
